because it is packaged Iser this is only
a Japanese thing they costs way less
they have five cards of pack and you're
not guaranteed to get a rare so get
replaced by an uncommon yeah so just
open them and whoever redeemed whoever
has the better cards the best cars gonna
be back yeah it's not the best cock okay
best cards best card from the pack so he
has all the new ones that I'm using I'm
using a bunch of random ones that it's
really juicy
however in your test packet is that
across the back yes it's always been
about bullshit that's always been the
back just our last they've always had a
gold bag oh shit I dropped that a pack
videopad fuck if it's a sin oh if you
don't pick that packet you probably will
that's a reduce those who are really
good way to see what the realities are
oh I was just
comecomecome yeah it's a c4 common
alright so um normal --is-- cards have
several diamond star innocence with
common hand con rare but Japanese cards
just have see you are so you got I would
have to really that's worth a bit of
money as well
these demonic it's a standard formula
but you're not banned either where I
think that the full cards open up I
swear to god you will not get another
shiny um this was a practice back again
I'm sure to go now on your common common
rare but you got a rare hollow which is
worth more points would you say we've
got this beast
I got open these photos are scissors
kinds of like weights of sweaty do it
yeah oh fucking hell yeah we're going
hold up here okay ready alright I want
to show you go play that poker
all right buddy go I got a crow bat
speaker actually like Atlanta offer yeah
okay
hollow that means Robert gives me these
cards alright we'll get around to you my
gosh I guarantee I'll open again go on
he will serve again go okay round two
yawns you're not gonna believe this
you don't owe me this oh yeah just open
up our Oh
I was gonna be my nanny or was it now
you see it's a kitten yo stop hey sorry
oh please don't
would you you know I got a nice cards
haha we'll see maybe you're something
better
okay uh I'm the matter you can enjoy
that idea all right you got this I mean
I got this the big room regigigas it
should be really good oh so cool because
it in English sets of these if they have
the Ridgid a secret version on a oh you
didn't get a secret over so you have the
the the Japanese over it but in the
Japanese ones they have the English
words like this bit here it's quite cool
all right even before come over up yeah
I just saw them about once like you'll
probably get a rare for three packets as
it's just open to test packets or to
milk packets along what to hollows and
the eggs
yes I'm opening up on the deoxys on
obvious
I'll go through my sugar ones just so
you can see so much shit on ziget I just
do this based on looks just give it a
second I take this quite interesting I
always good you ate is packets he don't
trust max if he doesn't give away my
boxes weighed them and you'll get to
know the mission packs
oh my god it's gotta be every so it goes
to be fun I will give you the chance to
switch packs be back before we ever know
I believe and I have it in
cause okay plus one ooh sorry I said you
guys if I get a nice card
I'm not isness all right um there's my
normal cards yeah I'll show you my other
number ones ii substitute robot I think
it's good is it shiny no it is uncommon
like everything else
Oh for fuck oh shit wait do you get a
secret version no oh okay the secret
version oh you guys your cards them I'm
sorry Ralph I'll let you pick a few back
max is a wonderful friend alright you
have um you can pick all right yeah
whatever rare that you want how did I
chose thank ever it was yeah but I bet
you let flawlessly focus Twitter Town I
took all your cards but this is rough
over there's cards okay nine nine nine
Kasich generous I love this max no you
can't man I got next ones him goodbye
have a good time
you can have it